Chc & dv api updates (#307)
cmu-delphi/delphi-epidata: docs/api/covidcast-signals/chng.md

The amount of lag in reporting can vary, and not all visits are reported with
the same lag. After we first report estimates for a specific date, further data
may arrive about outpatient visits on that date. When this occurs, we issue new
estimates for those dates to backfill any missing data. This means that a reported estimate for, say, June
10th may first be available in the API on June 14th and subsequently revised on
June 16th.

As doctor’s visits data are available at a significant and variable latency, the signal experiences heavy backfill with data delayed for a couple of weeks. 

> Note that we expect estimates available for the most recent X days to be substantially revised due to later data revisions, estimates for past dates are more static due to these revisions having already occured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect estimates available for the most recent X days to change substantially in later data revisions. Estimates for dates more than W days in the past are expected to remain fairly static, as most major revisions have already occurred. 
```

Reviewer: @rumackaaron do we know what X and W are in the above yet?

> We expect estimates available for the most recent X days to change substantially in later data revisions. Estimates for dates more than W days in the past are expected to remain fairly static, as most major revisions have already occurred. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect estimates available for the most recent 7-14 days to change substantially in later data revisions. Estimates for dates more than 60 days in the past are expected to remain fairly static, as most major revisions have already occurred. 
```

> We expect estimates available for the most recent 7-14 days (using a lag median between 10%-1%) to change substantially in later data revisions. Estimates for dates more than 45 days at 1% lag in the past are expected to remain fairly static, as most major revisions have already occurred. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect estimates available for the most recent 4-6 days to change substantially in later data revisions (having a median delta of 10% or more). Estimates for dates more than 45 days in the past are expected to remain fairly static (having a median delta of 1% or less), as most major revisions have already occurred. 
```

major holidays (e.g. Memorial Day, July 4, Labor Day, etc.). These spikes are
not necessarily indicative of a true increase of COVID-19 in a location.

> Note that due to Y, estimates are not always comparable across geo locations. We are currently working on adjustments to correct this spatial bias.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that due to local differences in health coding practices, estimates are not always comparable across locations. We are currently working on adjustments to correct this spatial bias.
```
The intent is that doctors in different locations assign ICD codes differently. I don't know how to express this succintly, since the word "code" usually implies computer code and I don't know how well acquainted our audience is with the term ICD code.

Reviewer: "recordkeeping"?
